      Banquo's funeral brought behind a dark, disruptive night. It was raining hard, making the ground soft, muddy, and hard to ride through. The military commander's strong personality and muscular figure both lay down in his coffin, never to be delineated again. The bumpy ride did not make Macbeth, and Lady Macbeth feel less nervous. Their hearts felt like they were coming up to their throats, making it hard for them to breathe as the guilt of murdering Banquo kicks in. Lady Macbeth tries to fix her black hair and adjusts her clothing that slips a little from her slim body feature. Macbeth, though, cannot seem to control himself. His muscular figure and handsome face would intimidate any girl, but at this time, his aura was not the same. His arms and legs were quivering as if he had no control over all those muscles he developed by working out. Finally, Lady Macbeth breaks the silence, "Dear, listen to me. No one knows that we are involved in Banquo's murder. There will be people suspicious of his death, so we need to tread carefully and not fall under the radar. Do not say or do something that will leave both of us vulnerable! Do you understand?" "Yes, my love," replies Macbeth. "I do not want to get caught, so I will not do anything suspicious. Please, let's maintain some silence until we reach the memorial building. I need to catch my breath."\
           Atlas, the carriage stops. The miserable journey for Macbeth and Lady Macbeth has ended. As they step off, they both prepare for entry to the memorial building. They are taking deep breaths along the way. Moments later, they march through the door. The golden and light blue paint decorations have a bright, sharp reflection that glares their eyes. Hearts were racing fast. Every step taken towards Banquo's coffin in the middle of the building feels as if a new person suspects them. Steps away from the podium, Lady Macbeth and Macbeth have trouble breathing. They have knots in their stomachs and are a bit light-headed, and it only gets worse when they get closer to Banquo's coffin. To maintain tranquility, Macbeth, to his best ability, regulates his breathing and pats Lady Macbeth on the back to remind her not to look so nervous. "Good luck," whispers Lady Macbeth, as they both stand at the podium, next to Banquo's cold body.\
           "Good evening, Ladies and Gentlemen," Macbeth begins his speech. His face pale. "I am extremely disappointed and sad that I have lost a great friend who has stood by me whenever I needed help and fought by my side during battles. I will never find another person to bond with, such as him." As Macbeth says these beautiful things about Banquo, he starts hesitating in between sentences. He cannot bear his feeling of guilt. "I\'85 I, he was amazing\'85 great\'85 human being. Who, who didn't, didn't des-, deserve to die this way." Macbeth felt so dizzy at that point, he left his speech in the middle and grabbed Lady Macbeth and quickly sat down at the front row chairs. The crowd starts to murmur as they have no idea why Macbeth left his speech in the middle, and why he sounded so nervous while speaking. The group settles down, and moments later, comes the next rank military leader who was a great friend of Banquo to deliver his speech. After reading his speech, he takes a cut and walks towards Macbeth instead of his seat. He quietly whispers to Macbeth, "I know everything. You are over."\
    Macbeth has a massive panic attack. Chaos breaks loose as people are worried about what is going on. Banquo's military friend loudly announces, "I have witnessed Banquo's death! Macbeth murdered Banquo! He hired two assassins. I tailgated those two treacherous people and found them meeting with Macbeth, who was giving them money for their evil deed!" Everyone gasps, shocked at what they have just heard. Lady Macbeth feels like vomiting because of all the pressure that was building up inside of her and ends up falling unconscious. Macbeth starts crying and admits to the deed. Suddenly, the unexpected takes place.\
           "BANG, BANG, BANG," the sound of soldiers advancing into the memorial building with all the heavy armor to capture Macbeth for his evil deeds. It was a smart trap set up by the military friend of Banquo. "Sand down! We have cornered you. Surrender yourself," shouting the soldier orders Macbeth. Macbeth though, unwilling to get caught, brings out his sword and tries to fight his way through to the door and escape, leaving Lady Macbeth. He exterminates four soldiers, blood on his hands, and face until he gets surrounded. He has nowhere to run yet still fights. During this battle, Macbeth gets gravely injured. Cuts on his arm, legs, back, and abdomen have him lying on the floor bleeding. Lady Macbeth, regains consciousness, and seeing her husband in this state requests help and surrenders herself and admits to the crimes she has committed in the murders of King Duncan and Banquo. She falls on top of Macbeth, "Macbeth, don't worry, dear, we are getting you help. If you die, I will die. We both go together," she exclaims in tears. \
           Most gloomily, Lady Macbeth and Macbeth are thrown in a dungeon, blood splattering across Macbeth's body that is treated by a jail doctor. The rain outside started pouring harder. The thunder and lightning started making bombastic sounds. The dark clouds covered the skies like there would be no tomorrow. That night passes as Macbeth suffers to a great extent due to his pain, and Lady Macbeth cannot bear her husband's illness, suffering as well. In mid-afternoon, an order places Macbeth and Lady Macbeth to the punishment site. Here, subjects of the kingdom and royalty members watch the death order of both these disgraces to society. "I love you," says Macbeth, just before the soldiers throw him in the fire pit. "NOOOOOOOOOO!" wails Lady Macbeth as she witnesses her husband dying in front of her. After Macbeth's demise, she is then as well thrown in the pit. Her last words, "I am sorry." Only screams and screams of both these evil characters stayed in the minds of people that day. Shrieks of pain. Screams of guilt. Screeches of remorse. Cries of murderers!


Publishing Your Narrative Assignment

Paste your highlighted narrative in this space. Provide a key so your instructor can tell which color highlighter you used for each category

Use the highlighting tool in your word processor to highlight at least five examples of vivid detail in your narrative.
	
Use a different color to highlight at least five interesting verbs used in your writing.\

Use a third color to highlight your use of temporal words or transitions.
COLOR KEY: 
1) Red highlighting for vivid details
2) Yellow highlighting for five interesting verbs
3) Green highlighting for temporal words or transitions



Reflection 1:
Name the two people who reviewed your draft and discuss in a minimum of five sentences how their feedback helped you improve your writing. Answer: The two people who reviewed my draft were my mom and sister. Both my mom and sister gave me beneficial feedback that helped improve my writing. Critical feedback my sister gave me was that there was a lot of passive writing/passive voice in my narrative. Her feedback was helpful because it made my writing more transparent and more accessible for the reader to read once I changed it to the active voice. Vital feedback my mom gave was that I had longer sentences in my narrative than shorter sentences. My mom's feedback was very crucial because I had mentioned to her that I wanted a mix of suspense, and for my readers to have a faster heartbeat. For this, I had to write longer sentences with multiple commas or pauses and breaks to create suspense, and shorter sentences to create a speedier pulse in the readers. Therefore, I had to balance the longer sentences and more concise sentences out, by removing some words in the longer sentences to make them shorter to make things equal.

Reflection 2:
Compare your first draft and your final draft side-by-side. Discuss in at least five sentences the changes you made and why your final draft is an improvement over your first draft.Answer: If I compare my first draft and my final draft side-by-side, I believe that my final draft is more improved for several reasons. The first time I read my narrative, I was going through the revising stage. During this stage, I incorporated more vivid details, included more exciting verbs, and added smoother transitions. All these changes made my narrative more engaging, easy to read, and had an excellent delivery. After this, I reached my editing stage. Here, I corrected my spelling, grammatical errors, and punctuation. These corrections made my narrative very clear, as it was then adequately edited. After that, I gave my story to my mother and sister to critique and further improved my drama. I fixed my passive voice and changed it to the active voice, which made my writing even more apparent. I also balanced out my shorter sentences with my longer sentences to create two feelings for the readers.
